README.md, before:

# PWA-text-editor

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description


## Table of Contents
* [User Story](#user-story)
* [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
* [License](#license)
* [Links](#links)

   

## User Story


```md
AS A developer
I WANT to create notes or code snippets with or without an internet connection
SO THAT I can reliably retrieve them for later use
```


## Acceptance Criteria
 
```md
GIVEN a text editor web application
WHEN I open my application in my editor
THEN I should see a client server folder structure
WHEN I run `npm run start` from the root directory
THEN I find that my application should start up the backend and serve the client
WHEN I run the text editor application from my terminal
THEN I find that my JavaScript files have been bundled using webpack
WHEN I run my webpack plugins
THEN I find that I have a generated HTML file, service worker, and a manifest file
WHEN I use next-gen JavaScript in my application
THEN I find that the text editor still functions in the browser without errors
WHEN I open the text editor
THEN I find that IndexedDB has immediately created a database storage
WHEN I enter content and subsequently click off of the DOM window
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been saved with IndexedDB
WHEN I reopen the text editor after closing it
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been retrieved from our IndexedDB
WHEN I click on the Install button
THEN I download my web application as an icon on my desktop
WHEN I load my web application
THEN I should have a registered service worker using workbox
WHEN I register a service worker
THEN I should have my static assets pre cached upon loading along with subsequent pages and static assets
WHEN I deploy to Render
THEN I should have proper build scripts for a webpack application
```

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Links

Commit message:

Added README material for this project.

README.md, after:

# PWA-text-editor

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

Okay I know this looks very odd to have all my work in one commit but this code was from my instructor. He instead of doing t he mini project last week walked over the weeks challenge instead. So I imagine this will be worth nothing which is fine but figured I would say something if he did not. None of this code is mine all of it is from my instructor in the course. 

## Table of Contents
* [User Story](#user-story)
* [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
* [License](#license)
* [Links](#links)

   

## User Story


```md
AS A developer
I WANT to create notes or code snippets with or without an internet connection
SO THAT I can reliably retrieve them for later use
```


## Acceptance Criteria
 
```md
GIVEN a text editor web application
WHEN I open my application in my editor
THEN I should see a client server folder structure
WHEN I run `npm run start` from the root directory
THEN I find that my application should start up the backend and serve the client
WHEN I run the text editor application from my terminal
THEN I find that my JavaScript files have been bundled using webpack
WHEN I run my webpack plugins
THEN I find that I have a generated HTML file, service worker, and a manifest file
WHEN I use next-gen JavaScript in my application
THEN I find that the text editor still functions in the browser without errors
WHEN I open the text editor
THEN I find that IndexedDB has immediately created a database storage
WHEN I enter content and subsequently click off of the DOM window
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been saved with IndexedDB
WHEN I reopen the text editor after closing it
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been retrieved from our IndexedDB
WHEN I click on the Install button
THEN I download my web application as an icon on my desktop
WHEN I load my web application
THEN I should have a registered service worker using workbox
WHEN I register a service worker
THEN I should have my static assets pre cached upon loading along with subsequent pages and static assets
WHEN I deploy to Render
THEN I should have proper build scripts for a webpack application
```

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

## Links
